{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Here are my high-level comments.:\
\
Section 1:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Introduction needs improvement. At the moment before 1.1you\'a0 start with unrelated paragraphs, one on LPS, one on JavaScript, one on Node.js. Somewhere there you mention Pixi. It is all unconnected and the reader wonders why you are saying these things.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Don't say "a new system should be developed". You are now reporting work that has been done.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
"Efficiency means the code should be efficient to development also means low coupled and low coherence." ????\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
"Section 2 of this report Section 3 is the intermediate report which is the experiment that I have carried out so far." ????\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Section 2:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Description of LPS is quite muddled in the first paragraph that talks of production rules and production system.\'a0\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Definition of L is wrong: "It is the states and events from the agents view." No.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
2.3 starts with Roundabouts - but does your implementation have Roundabouts?\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Figure 7: actually in SWISH you can write animation as you can do in Pixi or Studio. So in figure 7 you are showing just a static representation of the state changes and events.\'a0 You should make this clear. You are showing the SWISH animation here.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	5	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
I think in Section 2.4 you should make clear first which technologies you are using and describe them in proper detail and in the end just mention the other existing technologies briefly and possibly explain why you chose not to use them.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Section 3:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Too long. I think Krysia mentioned how to divide it up better.\
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
I would put some pre-amble before 3.1 to say what topics are to be presented in this section. One topic must be representation of traffic norms in LPS. I would put that first.\
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Figure 11 - I can't say I understand it. Also that long description of it should be in text, not in the figure caption. You seem to have\'a0 a cycle going it in (1) and (2) but I don't think the intention is that during that cycle the user inputs different LPS programs. It is not clera to me what this diagram is illustrating. I don't think you should mix user identification verification in this diagram.\
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
3.3.2: is the intention of the diagram to sya that a car can move straight if it is not at its goal, its goal is straight ahead and nothing is in the way? Probably not, as the program looks very long! You need to explain what you are illustrating here.\
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	5	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
I think Krysia has commented on how you should organise your LPS programs to show common parts just once and then show the important specific parts in the right sections with English descriptions.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Sections 4 and 5:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
I guess 5.2 will disappear to be replaced with actual future work.\
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
I think these two sections are yet to be written properly.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Please pay attention to the quality of your writing, grammar, typos, punctuation, etc. At the moment there are many mistakes.}